README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Updated README with full project description and live demo

README.md, after:

# 💼 Developer Portfolio — Blove Studio

**My personal developer portfolio showcasing real-world freelance and personal projects, with live previews and brief descriptions.**

---

## 🚀 Features
- ✅ Project cards with filtering by type/tech
- ✅ Live preview links to production sites
- ✅ Clean responsive layout with animations
- ✅ Modern UI with smooth UX

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **React** + **Next.js**
- **TypeScript**
- **Tailwind CSS**
- **Framer Motion**
- **Shadcn/UI**

---

## 🌐 Live Demo
🔗 [https://blove-studio.vercel.app](https://blove-studio.vercel.app)

---

## 📖 About This Project

This portfolio was created to showcase the projects I've completed as a solo developer.  
Its main purpose is to demonstrate my experience across various types of development and my expertise with different technologies.

On the site, you’ll find everything from simple landing pages and online stores to full-featured applications with complex business logic.

> ⚠️ **Note:** Some projects may not include live preview links, as they are no longer active or relevant for the original clients.  
If needed, feel free to contact me — I’ll be happy to provide full layout previews or visual demos of any specific project.

## 🧩 Status

✅ Actively maintained — new projects are added regularly
